docs/generators/spring.md, before:


CONFIG OPTIONS for spring

	sortParamsByRequiredFlag
	    Sort method arguments to place required parameters before optional parameters. (Default: true)

	ensureUniqueParams
	    Whether to ensure parameter names are unique in an operation (rename parameters that are not). (Default: true)

	allowUnicodeIdentifiers
	    boolean, toggles whether unicode identifiers are allowed in names or not, default is false (Default: false)

	prependFormOrBodyParameters
	    Add form or body parameters to the beginning of the parameter list. (Default: false)

	modelPackage
	    package for generated models

	apiPackage
	    package for generated api classes

	invokerPackage
	    root package for generated code

	groupId
	    groupId in generated pom.xml

	artifactId
	    artifactId in generated pom.xml

	artifactVersion
	    artifact version in generated pom.xml

	artifactUrl
	    artifact URL in generated pom.xml

	artifactDescription
	    artifact description in generated pom.xml

	scmConnection
	    SCM connection in generated pom.xml

	scmDeveloperConnection
	    SCM developer connection in generated pom.xml

	scmUrl
	    SCM URL in generated pom.xml

	developerName
	    developer name in generated pom.xml

	developerEmail
	    developer email in generated pom.xml

	developerOrganization
	    developer organization in generated pom.xml

	developerOrganizationUrl
	    developer organization URL in generated pom.xml

	licenseName
	    The name of the license

	licenseUrl
	    The URL of the license

	sourceFolder
	    source folder for generated code

	localVariablePrefix
	    prefix for generated code members and local variables

	serializableModel
	    boolean - toggle "implements Serializable" for generated models (Default: false)

	bigDecimalAsString
	    Treat BigDecimal values as Strings to avoid precision loss. (Default: false)

	fullJavaUtil
	    whether to use fully qualified name for classes under java.util. This option only works for Java API client (Default: false)

	hideGenerationTimestamp
	    hides the timestamp when files were generated

	withXml
	    whether to include support for application/xml content type and include XML annotations in the model (works with libraries that provide support for JSON and XML) (Default: false)

	dateLibrary
	    Option. Date library to use
	        joda - Joda (for legacy app only)
	        legacy - Legacy java.util.Date (if you really have a good reason not to use threetenbp
	        java8-localdatetime - Java 8 using LocalDateTime (for legacy app only)
	        java8 - Java 8 native JSR310 (preferred for jdk 1.8+) - note: this also sets "java8" to true
	        threetenbp - Backport of JSR310 (preferred for jdk < 1.8)

	java8
	    Option. Use Java8 classes instead of third party equivalents
	        true - Use Java 8 classes such as Base64
	        false - Various third party libraries as needed

	disableHtmlEscaping
	    Disable HTML escaping of JSON strings when using gson (needed to avoid problems with byte[] fields) (Default: false)

	booleanGetterPrefix
	    Set booleanGetterPrefix (default value 'get')

	title
	    server title name or client service name

	configPackage
	    configuration package for generated code

	basePackage
	    base package (invokerPackage) for generated code

	interfaceOnly
	    Whether to generate only API interface stubs without the server files. (Default: false)

	delegatePattern
	    Whether to generate the server files using the delegate pattern (Default: false)

	singleContentTypes
	    Whether to select only one produces/consumes content-type by operation. (Default: false)

	java8
	    use java8 default interface (Default: true)

	async
	    use async Callable controllers (Default: false)

	reactive
	    wrap responses in Mono/Flux Reactor types (spring-boot only) (Default: false)

	responseWrapper
	    wrap the responses in given type (Future,Callable,CompletableFuture,ListenableFuture,DeferredResult,HystrixCommand,RxObservable,RxSingle or fully qualified type)

	virtualService
	    Generates the virtual service. For more details refer - https://github.com/elan-venture/virtualan/wiki (Default: false)

	useTags
	    use tags for creating interface and controller classnames (Default: false)

	useBeanValidation
	    Use BeanValidation API annotations (Default: true)

	implicitHeaders
	    Use of @ApiImplicitParams for headers. (Default: false)

	swaggerDocketConfig
	    Generate Spring OpenAPI Docket configuration class. (Default: false)

	apiFirst
	    Generate the API from the OAI spec at server compile time (API first approach) (Default: false)

	useOptional
	    Use Optional container for optional parameters (Default: false)

	library
	    library template (sub-template) to use (Default: spring-boot)
	        spring-boot - Spring-boot Server application using the SpringFox integration.
	        spring-mvc - Spring-MVC Server application using the SpringFox integration.
	        spring-cloud - Spring-Cloud-Feign client with Spring-Boot auto-configured settings.

Back to the [generators list](README.md)

Commit message:

Allow specifying/overriding the parent in the pom file for Java and Spring generators.

docs/generators/spring.md, after:


CONFIG OPTIONS for spring

	sortParamsByRequiredFlag
	    Sort method arguments to place required parameters before optional parameters. (Default: true)

	ensureUniqueParams
	    Whether to ensure parameter names are unique in an operation (rename parameters that are not). (Default: true)

	allowUnicodeIdentifiers
	    boolean, toggles whether unicode identifiers are allowed in names or not, default is false (Default: false)

	prependFormOrBodyParameters
	    Add form or body parameters to the beginning of the parameter list. (Default: false)

	modelPackage
	    package for generated models

	apiPackage
	    package for generated api classes

	invokerPackage
	    root package for generated code

	groupId
	    groupId in generated pom.xml

	artifactId
	    artifactId in generated pom.xml

	artifactVersion
	    artifact version in generated pom.xml

	artifactUrl
	    artifact URL in generated pom.xml

	artifactDescription
	    artifact description in generated pom.xml

	scmConnection
	    SCM connection in generated pom.xml

	scmDeveloperConnection
	    SCM developer connection in generated pom.xml

	scmUrl
	    SCM URL in generated pom.xml

	developerName
	    developer name in generated pom.xml

	developerEmail
	    developer email in generated pom.xml

	developerOrganization
	    developer organization in generated pom.xml

	developerOrganizationUrl
	    developer organization URL in generated pom.xml

	licenseName
	    The name of the license

	licenseUrl
	    The URL of the license

	sourceFolder
	    source folder for generated code

	localVariablePrefix
	    prefix for generated code members and local variables

	serializableModel
	    boolean - toggle "implements Serializable" for generated models (Default: false)

	bigDecimalAsString
	    Treat BigDecimal values as Strings to avoid precision loss. (Default: false)

	fullJavaUtil
	    whether to use fully qualified name for classes under java.util. This option only works for Java API client (Default: false)

	hideGenerationTimestamp
	    hides the timestamp when files were generated

	withXml
	    whether to include support for application/xml content type and include XML annotations in the model (works with libraries that provide support for JSON and XML) (Default: false)

	dateLibrary
	    Option. Date library to use
	        joda - Joda (for legacy app only)
	        legacy - Legacy java.util.Date (if you really have a good reason not to use threetenbp
	        java8-localdatetime - Java 8 using LocalDateTime (for legacy app only)
	        java8 - Java 8 native JSR310 (preferred for jdk 1.8+) - note: this also sets "java8" to true
	        threetenbp - Backport of JSR310 (preferred for jdk < 1.8)

	java8
	    Option. Use Java8 classes instead of third party equivalents
	        true - Use Java 8 classes such as Base64
	        false - Various third party libraries as needed

	disableHtmlEscaping
	    Disable HTML escaping of JSON strings when using gson (needed to avoid problems with byte[] fields) (Default: false)

	booleanGetterPrefix
	    Set booleanGetterPrefix (default value 'get')

	parentGroupId
	    parent groupId in generated pom N.B. parentGroupId, parentArtifactId and parentVersion must all be specified for any of them to take effect

	parentArtifactId
	    parent artifactId in generated pom N.B. parentGroupId, parentArtifactId and parentVersion must all be specified for any of them to take effect

	parentVersion
	    parent version in generated pom N.B. parentGroupId, parentArtifactId and parentVersion must all be specified for any of them to take effect

	title
	    server title name or client service name

	configPackage
	    configuration package for generated code

	basePackage
	    base package (invokerPackage) for generated code

	interfaceOnly
	    Whether to generate only API interface stubs without the server files. (Default: false)

	delegatePattern
	    Whether to generate the server files using the delegate pattern (Default: false)

	singleContentTypes
	    Whether to select only one produces/consumes content-type by operation. (Default: false)

	java8
	    use java8 default interface (Default: true)

	async
	    use async Callable controllers (Default: false)

	reactive
	    wrap responses in Mono/Flux Reactor types (spring-boot only) (Default: false)

	responseWrapper
	    wrap the responses in given type (Future,Callable,CompletableFuture,ListenableFuture,DeferredResult,HystrixCommand,RxObservable,RxSingle or fully qualified type)

	virtualService
	    Generates the virtual service. For more details refer - https://github.com/elan-venture/virtualan/wiki (Default: false)

	useTags
	    use tags for creating interface and controller classnames (Default: false)

	useBeanValidation
	    Use BeanValidation API annotations (Default: true)

	implicitHeaders
	    Use of @ApiImplicitParams for headers. (Default: false)

	swaggerDocketConfig
	    Generate Spring OpenAPI Docket configuration class. (Default: false)

	apiFirst
	    Generate the API from the OAI spec at server compile time (API first approach) (Default: false)

	useOptional
	    Use Optional container for optional parameters (Default: false)

	library
	    library template (sub-template) to use (Default: spring-boot)
	        spring-boot - Spring-boot Server application using the SpringFox integration.
	        spring-mvc - Spring-MVC Server application using the SpringFox integration.
	        spring-cloud - Spring-Cloud-Feign client with Spring-Boot auto-configured settings.

Back to the [generators list](README.md)
