# OCaml API client for recursion_test
Test for direct recursive types in OCaml generator.

This spec only tests direct recursion (A -> A) and NOT mutual recursion (A -> B -> A).

The OCaml generator does not support mutual recursion because OCaml requires mutually
recursive types to be declared together in the same file using \''type a = ... and b = ...\''
syntax. The generator's architecture uses one model per file, making this infeasible.

Note: The generic test file modules/openapi-generator/src/test/resources/3_0/recursion.yaml
contains both Foo (direct recursion) and Bar/Baz (mutual recursion), which is why we
cannot use it for OCaml testing.


This OCaml package is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.21.0-SNAPSHOT
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.OCamlClientCodegen

## Requirements.

OCaml 5.x

## Installation

Please run the following commands to build the package `recursion_test`:

```sh
opam install . --deps-only --with-test
eval $(opam env)
dune build
```

## Getting Started

The generated directory structure is:
- `src/apis`: contains several modules, each with several functions. Each function is an API endpoint.
- `src/models`: contains several modules. Each module contains:
  - a type `t` representing an input and/or output schema of the OpenAPI spec
  - a smart constructor `create` for this type
- `src/support`: various modules used by the generated APIs and Models

