modules/openapi-generator-maven-plugin/README.md, before:

openapi-generator-maven-plugin
============================

A Maven plugin to support the OpenAPI generator project

Usage
============================

Add to your `build->plugins` section (default phase is `generate-sources` phase)
```xml
<plugin>
    <groupId>org.openapitools</groupId>
    <artifactId>openapi-generator-maven-plugin</artifactId>
    <version>3.0.0</version>
    <executions>
        <execution>
            <goals>
                <goal>generate</goal>
            </goals>
            <configuration>
                <inputSpec>${project.basedir}/src/main/resources/api.yaml</inputSpec>
                <generatorName>java</generatorName>
                <configOptions>
                   <sourceFolder>src/gen/java/main</sourceFolder>
                </configOptions>
            </configuration>
        </execution>
    </executions>
</plugin>
```

Followed by:

```
mvn clean compile
```

### General Configuration parameters

- `inputSpec` - OpenAPI Spec file path
- `language` - target generation language (deprecated, replaced by `generatorName` as values here don't represent only 'language' any longer)
- `generatorName` - target generator name
- `output` - target output path (default is `${project.build.directory}/generated-sources/swagger`)
- `templateDirectory` - directory with mustache templates
- `addCompileSourceRoot` - add the output directory to the project as a source root (`true` by default)
- `modelPackage` - the package to use for generated model objects/classes
- `apiPackage` - the package to use for generated api objects/classes
- `invokerPackage` - the package to use for the generated invoker objects
- `modelNamePrefix` and `modelNameSuffix` - Sets the pre- or suffix for model classes and enums
- `withXml` - enable XML annotations inside the generated models and API (only works with Java `language` and libraries that provide support for JSON and XML)
- `configOptions` - a map of language-specific parameters (see below)
- `configHelp` - dumps the configuration help for the specified library (generates no sources)
- `ignoreFileOverride` - specifies the full path to a `.openapi-generator-ignore` used for pattern based overrides of generated outputs
- `generateApis` - generate the apis (`true` by default)
- `generateApiTests` - generate the api tests (`true` by default. Only available if `generateApis` is `true`)
- `generateApiDocumentation` - generate the api documentation (`true` by default. Only available if `generateApis` is `true`)
- `generateModels` - generate the models (`true` by default)
- `modelsToGenerate` - A comma separated list of models to generate.  All models is the default.
- `generateModelTests` - generate the model tests (`true` by default. Only available if `generateModels` is `true`)
- `generateModelDocumentation` - generate the model documentation (`true` by default. Only available if `generateModels` is `true`)
- `generateSupportingFiles` - generate the supporting files (`true` by default)
- `supportingFilesToGenerate` - A comma separated list of supporting files to generate.  All files is the default.
- `skip` - skip code generation (`false` by default. Can also be set globally through the `codegen.skip` property)

### Custom Generator

Specifying a custom generator is a bit different. It doesn't support the classpath:/ syntax, but it does support the fully qualified name of the package. You can also specify your custom templates, which also get pulled in. Notice the dependency on a project, in the plugin scope. That would be your generator/template jar.

```xml
<plugin>
    <groupId>org.openapitools</groupId>
    <artifactId>openapi-generator-maven-plugin</artifactId>
    <version>${openapi-generator-maven-plugin-version}</version>
    <executions>
        <execution>
            <goals>
                <goal>generate</goal>
            </goals>
            <configuration>
                <inputSpec>${project.basedir}/src/main/resources/yaml/yamlfilename.yaml</inputSpec>
                <!-- language file, like e.g. JavaJaxRSCodegen -->
                <generatorName>com.my.package.for.GeneratorLanguage</generatorName>
                <templateDirectory>myTemplateDir</templateDirectory>

                <output>${project.build.directory}/generated-sources</output>
                <apiPackage>${default.package}.handler</apiPackage>
                <modelPackage>${default.package}.model</modelPackage>
                <invokerPackage>${default.package}.handler</invokerPackage>
            </configuration>
        </execution>
    </executions>

    <dependencies>
        <dependency>
            <groupId>com.my.generator</groupId>
            <artifactId>customgenerator</artifactId>
            <version>1.0-SNAPSHOT</version>
        </dependency>
    </dependencies>
</plugin>
```

### Sample configuration

- Please see [an example configuration](examples) for using the plugin

Commit message:

Validate spec on generation by default
Adds a validation parameter to CodegenConfigurator, and passes through
options from CLI, Maven Plugin and Gradle Plugin to that property.

Default is to validate the spec during generation. If spec has errors,
we will output errors as well as warnings to the user.

Option can be disabled by passing false to validateSpec (Maven/Gradle)
or --validate-spec (CLI).

modules/openapi-generator-maven-plugin/README.md, after:

openapi-generator-maven-plugin
============================

A Maven plugin to support the OpenAPI generator project

Usage
============================

Add to your `build->plugins` section (default phase is `generate-sources` phase)
```xml
<plugin>
    <groupId>org.openapitools</groupId>
    <artifactId>openapi-generator-maven-plugin</artifactId>
    <version>3.0.0</version>
    <executions>
        <execution>
            <goals>
                <goal>generate</goal>
            </goals>
            <configuration>
                <inputSpec>${project.basedir}/src/main/resources/api.yaml</inputSpec>
                <generatorName>java</generatorName>
                <configOptions>
                   <sourceFolder>src/gen/java/main</sourceFolder>
                </configOptions>
            </configuration>
        </execution>
    </executions>
</plugin>
```

Followed by:

```
mvn clean compile
```

### General Configuration parameters

- `inputSpec` - OpenAPI Spec file path
- `validateSpec` - Whether or not to validate the input spec prior to generation. Invalid specifications will result in an error.
- `language` - target generation language (deprecated, replaced by `generatorName` as values here don't represent only 'language' any longer)
- `generatorName` - target generator name
- `output` - target output path (default is `${project.build.directory}/generated-sources/swagger`)
- `templateDirectory` - directory with mustache templates
- `addCompileSourceRoot` - add the output directory to the project as a source root (`true` by default)
- `modelPackage` - the package to use for generated model objects/classes
- `apiPackage` - the package to use for generated api objects/classes
- `invokerPackage` - the package to use for the generated invoker objects
- `modelNamePrefix` and `modelNameSuffix` - Sets the pre- or suffix for model classes and enums
- `withXml` - enable XML annotations inside the generated models and API (only works with Java `language` and libraries that provide support for JSON and XML)
- `configOptions` - a map of language-specific parameters (see below)
- `configHelp` - dumps the configuration help for the specified library (generates no sources)
- `ignoreFileOverride` - specifies the full path to a `.openapi-generator-ignore` used for pattern based overrides of generated outputs
- `generateApis` - generate the apis (`true` by default)
- `generateApiTests` - generate the api tests (`true` by default. Only available if `generateApis` is `true`)
- `generateApiDocumentation` - generate the api documentation (`true` by default. Only available if `generateApis` is `true`)
- `generateModels` - generate the models (`true` by default)
- `modelsToGenerate` - A comma separated list of models to generate.  All models is the default.
- `generateModelTests` - generate the model tests (`true` by default. Only available if `generateModels` is `true`)
- `generateModelDocumentation` - generate the model documentation (`true` by default. Only available if `generateModels` is `true`)
- `generateSupportingFiles` - generate the supporting files (`true` by default)
- `supportingFilesToGenerate` - A comma separated list of supporting files to generate.  All files is the default.
- `skip` - skip code generation (`false` by default. Can also be set globally through the `codegen.skip` property)

### Custom Generator

Specifying a custom generator is a bit different. It doesn't support the classpath:/ syntax, but it does support the fully qualified name of the package. You can also specify your custom templates, which also get pulled in. Notice the dependency on a project, in the plugin scope. That would be your generator/template jar.

```xml
<plugin>
    <groupId>org.openapitools</groupId>
    <artifactId>openapi-generator-maven-plugin</artifactId>
    <version>${openapi-generator-maven-plugin-version}</version>
    <executions>
        <execution>
            <goals>
                <goal>generate</goal>
            </goals>
            <configuration>
                <inputSpec>${project.basedir}/src/main/resources/yaml/yamlfilename.yaml</inputSpec>
                <!-- language file, like e.g. JavaJaxRSCodegen -->
                <generatorName>com.my.package.for.GeneratorLanguage</generatorName>
                <templateDirectory>myTemplateDir</templateDirectory>

                <output>${project.build.directory}/generated-sources</output>
                <apiPackage>${default.package}.handler</apiPackage>
                <modelPackage>${default.package}.model</modelPackage>
                <invokerPackage>${default.package}.handler</invokerPackage>
            </configuration>
        </execution>
    </executions>

    <dependencies>
        <dependency>
            <groupId>com.my.generator</groupId>
            <artifactId>customgenerator</artifactId>
            <version>1.0-SNAPSHOT</version>
        </dependency>
    </dependencies>
</plugin>
```

### Sample configuration

- Please see [an example configuration](examples) for using the plugin
