# Rust API for petstore-with-fake-endpoints-models-for-testing

This spec is mainly for testing Petstore server and contains fake endpoints, models. Please do not use this for any other purpose. Special characters: \" \\

## Overview
This client/server was generated by the [openapi-generator]
(https://openapi-generator.tech) project.
By using the [OpenAPI-Spec](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification) from a remote server, you can easily generate a server stub.
-

To see how to make this your own, look here:

[README]((https://openapi-generator.tech))

- API version: 1.0.0

This autogenerated project defines an API crate `petstore-with-fake-endpoints-models-for-testing` which contains:
* An `Api` trait defining the API in Rust.
* Data types representing the underlying data model.
* A `Client` type which implements `Api` and issues HTTP requests for each operation.
* A router which accepts HTTP requests and invokes the appropriate `Api` method for each operation.

It also contains an example server and client which make use of `petstore-with-fake-endpoints-models-for-testing`:
* The example server starts up a web server using the `petstore-with-fake-endpoints-models-for-testing` router,
  and supplies a trivial implementation of `Api` which returns failure for every operation.
* The example client provides a CLI which lets you invoke any single operation on the
  `petstore-with-fake-endpoints-models-for-testing` client by passing appropriate arguments on the command line.

You can use the example server and client as a basis for your own code.
See below for [more detail on implementing a server](#writing-a-server).


## Examples

Run examples with:

```
cargo run --example <example-name>
```

To pass in arguments to the examples, put them after `--`, for example:

```
cargo run --example client -- --help
```

### Running the server
To run the server, follow these simple steps:

```
cargo run --example server
```

### Running a client
To run a client, follow one of the following simple steps:

```
cargo run --example client TestSpecialTags
cargo run --example client FakeOuterBooleanSerialize
cargo run --example client FakeOuterCompositeSerialize
cargo run --example client FakeOuterNumberSerialize
cargo run --example client FakeOuterStringSerialize
cargo run --example client TestBodyWithQueryParams
cargo run --example client TestClientModel
cargo run --example client TestEndpointParameters
cargo run --example client TestEnumParameters
cargo run --example client TestInlineAdditionalProperties
cargo run --example client TestJsonFormData
cargo run --example client TestClassname
cargo run --example client AddPet
cargo run --example client DeletePet
cargo run --example client FindPetsByStatus
cargo run --example client FindPetsByTags
cargo run --example client GetPetById
cargo run --example client UpdatePet
cargo run --example client UpdatePetWithForm
cargo run --example client UploadFile
cargo run --example client DeleteOrder
cargo run --example client GetInventory
cargo run --example client GetOrderById
cargo run --example client PlaceOrder
cargo run --example client CreateUser
cargo run --example client CreateUsersWithArrayInput
cargo run --example client CreateUsersWithListInput
cargo run --example client DeleteUser
cargo run --example client GetUserByName
cargo run --example client LoginUser
cargo run --example client LogoutUser
cargo run --example client UpdateUser
```

### HTTPS
The examples can be run in HTTPS mode by passing in the flag `--https`, for example:

```
cargo run --example server -- --https
```

This will use the keys/certificates from the examples directory. Note that the server chain is signed with
`CN=localhost`.


## Writing a server

The server example is designed to form the basis for implementing your own server. Simply follow these steps.

* Set up a new Rust project, e.g., with `cargo init --bin`.
* Insert `petstore-with-fake-endpoints-models-for-testing` into the `members` array under [workspace] in the root `Cargo.toml`, e.g., `members = [ "petstore-with-fake-endpoints-models-for-testing" ]`.
* Add `petstore-with-fake-endpoints-models-for-testing = {version = "1.0.0", path = "petstore-with-fake-endpoints-models-for-testing"}` under `[dependencies]` in the root `Cargo.toml`.
* Copy the `[dependencies]` and `[dev-dependencies]` from `petstore-with-fake-endpoints-models-for-testing/Cargo.toml` into the root `Cargo.toml`'s `[dependencies]` section.
  * Copy all of the `[dev-dependencies]`, but only the `[dependencies]` that are required by the example server. These should be clearly indicated by comments.
  * Remove `"optional = true"` from each of these lines if present.

Each autogenerated API will contain an implementation stub and main entry point, which should be copied into your project the first time:
```
cp petstore-with-fake-endpoints-models-for-testing/examples/server.rs src/main.rs
cp petstore-with-fake-endpoints-models-for-testing/examples/server_lib/mod.rs src/lib.rs
cp petstore-with-fake-endpoints-models-for-testing/examples/server_lib/server.rs src/server.rs
```

Now

* From `src/main.rs`, remove the `mod server_lib;` line, and uncomment and fill in the `extern crate` line with the name of this server crate.
* Move the block of imports "required by the service library" from `src/main.rs` to `src/lib.rs` and uncomment.
* Change the `let server = server::Server {};` line to `let server = SERVICE_NAME::server().unwrap();` where `SERVICE_NAME` is the name of the server crate.
* Run `cargo build` to check it builds.
* Run `cargo fmt` to reformat the code.
* Commit the result before making any further changes (lest format changes get confused with your own updates).

Now replace the implementations in `src/server.rs` with your own code as required.

## Updating your server to track API changes

Later, if the API changes, you can copy new sections  from the autogenerated API stub into your implementation.
Alternatively, implement the now-missing methods based on the compiler's error messages.

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://petstore.swagger.io:80/v2*

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**test_special_tags**](docs/another_fake_api.md#test_special_tags) | **PATCH** /another-fake/dummy | To test special tags
[**fakeOuterBooleanSerialize**](docs/fake_api.md#fakeOuterBooleanSerialize) | **POST** /fake/outer/boolean | 
[**fakeOuterCompositeSerialize**](docs/fake_api.md#fakeOuterCompositeSerialize) | **POST** /fake/outer/composite | 
[**fakeOuterNumberSerialize**](docs/fake_api.md#fakeOuterNumberSerialize) | **POST** /fake/outer/number | 
[**fakeOuterStringSerialize**](docs/fake_api.md#fakeOuterStringSerialize) | **POST** /fake/outer/string | 
[**testBodyWithQueryParams**](docs/fake_api.md#testBodyWithQueryParams) | **PUT** /fake/body-with-query-params | 
[**testClientModel**](docs/fake_api.md#testClientModel) | **PATCH** /fake | To test \"client\" model
[**testEndpointParameters**](docs/fake_api.md#testEndpointParameters) | **POST** /fake | Fake endpoint for testing various parameters 假端點 偽のエンドポイント 가짜 엔드 포인트 
[**testEnumParameters**](docs/fake_api.md#testEnumParameters) | **GET** /fake | To test enum parameters
[**testInlineAdditionalProperties**](docs/fake_api.md#testInlineAdditionalProperties) | **POST** /fake/inline-additionalProperties | test inline additionalProperties
[**testJsonFormData**](docs/fake_api.md#testJsonFormData) | **GET** /fake/jsonFormData | test json serialization of form data
[**testClassname**](docs/fake_classname_tags123_api.md#testClassname) | **PATCH** /fake_classname_test | To test class name in snake case
[**addPet**](docs/pet_api.md#addPet) | **POST** /pet | Add a new pet to the store
[**deletePet**](docs/pet_api.md#deletePet) | **DELETE** /pet/{petId} | Deletes a pet
[**findPetsByStatus**](docs/pet_api.md#findPetsByStatus) | **GET** /pet/findByStatus | Finds Pets by status
[**findPetsByTags**](docs/pet_api.md#findPetsByTags) | **GET** /pet/findByTags | Finds Pets by tags
[**getPetById**](docs/pet_api.md#getPetById) | **GET** /pet/{petId} | Find pet by ID
[**updatePet**](docs/pet_api.md#updatePet) | **PUT** /pet | Update an existing pet
[**updatePetWithForm**](docs/pet_api.md#updatePetWithForm) | **POST** /pet/{petId} | Updates a pet in the store with form data
[**uploadFile**](docs/pet_api.md#uploadFile) | **POST** /pet/{petId}/uploadImage | uploads an image
[**deleteOrder**](docs/store_api.md#deleteOrder) | **DELETE** /store/order/{order_id} | Delete purchase order by ID
[**getInventory**](docs/store_api.md#getInventory) | **GET** /store/inventory | Returns pet inventories by status
[**getOrderById**](docs/store_api.md#getOrderById) | **GET** /store/order/{order_id} | Find purchase order by ID
[**placeOrder**](docs/store_api.md#placeOrder) | **POST** /store/order | Place an order for a pet
[**createUser**](docs/user_api.md#createUser) | **POST** /user | Create user
[**createUsersWithArrayInput**](docs/user_api.md#createUsersWithArrayInput) | **POST** /user/createWithArray | Creates list of users with given input array
[**createUsersWithListInput**](docs/user_api.md#createUsersWithListInput) | **POST** /user/createWithList | Creates list of users with given input array
[**deleteUser**](docs/user_api.md#deleteUser) | **DELETE** /user/{username} | Delete user
[**getUserByName**](docs/user_api.md#getUserByName) | **GET** /user/{username} | Get user by user name
[**loginUser**](docs/user_api.md#loginUser) | **GET** /user/login | Logs user into the system
[**logoutUser**](docs/user_api.md#logoutUser) | **GET** /user/logout | Logs out current logged in user session
[**updateUser**](docs/user_api.md#updateUser) | **PUT** /user/{username} | Updated user


## Documentation For Models

 - [AdditionalPropertiesClass](docs/AdditionalPropertiesClass.md)
 - [Animal](docs/Animal.md)
 - [ApiResponse](docs/ApiResponse.md)
 - [ArrayOfArrayOfNumberOnly](docs/ArrayOfArrayOfNumberOnly.md)
 - [ArrayOfNumberOnly](docs/ArrayOfNumberOnly.md)
 - [ArrayTest](docs/ArrayTest.md)
 - [Capitalization](docs/Capitalization.md)
 - [Cat](docs/Cat.md)
 - [Category](docs/Category.md)
 - [ClassModel](docs/ClassModel.md)
 - [Client](docs/Client.md)
 - [Dog](docs/Dog.md)
 - [EnumArrays](docs/EnumArrays.md)
 - [EnumClass](docs/EnumClass.md)
 - [EnumTest](docs/EnumTest.md)
 - [FormatTest](docs/FormatTest.md)
 - [HasOnlyReadOnly](docs/HasOnlyReadOnly.md)
 - [List](docs/List.md)
 - [MapTest](docs/MapTest.md)
 - [MixedPropertiesAndAdditionalPropertiesClass](docs/MixedPropertiesAndAdditionalPropertiesClass.md)
 - [Model200Response](docs/Model200Response.md)
 - [ModelReturn](docs/ModelReturn.md)
 - [Name](docs/Name.md)
 - [NumberOnly](docs/NumberOnly.md)
 - [Order](docs/Order.md)
 - [OuterBoolean](docs/OuterBoolean.md)
 - [OuterComposite](docs/OuterComposite.md)
 - [OuterEnum](docs/OuterEnum.md)
 - [OuterNumber](docs/OuterNumber.md)
 - [OuterString](docs/OuterString.md)
 - [Pet](docs/Pet.md)
 - [ReadOnlyFirst](docs/ReadOnlyFirst.md)
 - [SpecialModelName](docs/SpecialModelName.md)
 - [Tag](docs/Tag.md)
 - [User](docs/User.md)


## Documentation For Authorization

## api_key
- **Type**: API key 

Example
```
```
## api_key_query
- **Type**: API key 

Example
```
```
## http_basic_test
- **Type**: HTTP basic authentication

Example
```
```
## petstore_auth
- **Type**: OAuth
- **Flow**: implicit
- **Authorization URL**: http://petstore.swagger.io/api/oauth/dialog
- **Scopes**: 
 - **write:pets**: modify pets in your account
 - **read:pets**: read your pets

Example
```
```

Or via OAuth2 module to automatically refresh tokens and perform user authentication.
```
```

## Author



