docs/migration-guide.adoc, before:

== Migration guide between OpenAPI-Generator versions

This page summaries the important changes between major and minor version of OpenAPI-Generator.
It does not contain a detailed list of changes, for that refer to each individual release notes.

This page is written to help migration by indicating the most impacting changes.
Do not hesitate to contribute additional notes if you discover something during your migration and think that the information might help other users.

Another approach to find breaking changes is to look at issue and pull requests with following labels:

* link:https://github.com/OpenAPITools/openapi-generator/labels/Breaking%20change%20%28with%20fallback%29[Breaking change (with fallback)]
* link:https://github.com/OpenAPITools/openapi-generator/labels/Breaking%20change%20%28without%20fallback%29[Breaking change (without fallback)]

=== From 3.1.x to 3.2.0

Version `3.2.0` is a minor version of OpenAPI-Generator, in comparison to `3.1.x` it contains some breaking changes, but with the possibility to fallback to the old behavior.
The default value of some options might change.
Projects relying on generated code might need to be adapted.

==== Model (all languages)

In `CodegenModel` and in `CodegenOperation` we use now our own class `org.openapitools.codegen.CodegenDiscriminator` instead of `io.swagger.v3.oas.models.media.Discriminator`.

For the templates, this is not an API change, because the same values are available.

If you have your own `Codegen` class (to support your own generator for example) then you might get some compile error due to the change.

==== Java

Schema with enum values are mapped to java enum in the generated code.
In previous version, when an unknown value was deserialized, the value was set to `null`.

With `3.2.0` a new option is introduced: `useNullForUnknownEnumValue`.

* When set to `false` (default value), an Exception (`IllegalArgumentException`) is thrown when the value not available in the enum.
* When set to `true`, unknown values are mapped to `null` as it was the case in previous versions.


=== From 3.0.x to 3.1.0

Version `3.1.0` is the first minor version of OpenAPI-Generator, in comparison to `3.0.3` it contains some breaking changes, but with the possibility to fallback to the old behavior.
The default value of some options might change.
Projects relying on generated code might need to be adapted.

==== Java

A new option is introduced with link:https://github.com/OpenAPITools/openapi-generator/pull/432[#432] to specify the prefix of boolean getters: `booleanGetterPrefix`.
Possible values:

* `is`: the value used in `3.0.x`.
* `get`: the new default value.

If you use the default value you will see your generated code changing from `isActive()` to `getActive()`.

=== Migrating from Swagger-Codegen

Please read the specific migration guide: link:migration-from-swagger-codegen.md[From Swagger-Codegen to OpenAPI-Generator]

Commit message:

Add "Validate spec on generation by default"

docs/migration-guide.adoc, after:

== Migration guide between OpenAPI-Generator versions

This page summaries the important changes between major and minor version of OpenAPI-Generator.
It does not contain a detailed list of changes, for that refer to each individual release notes.

This page is written to help migration by indicating the most impacting changes.
Do not hesitate to contribute additional notes if you discover something during your migration and think that the information might help other users.

Another approach to find breaking changes is to look at issue and pull requests with following labels:

* link:https://github.com/OpenAPITools/openapi-generator/labels/Breaking%20change%20%28with%20fallback%29[Breaking change (with fallback)]
* link:https://github.com/OpenAPITools/openapi-generator/labels/Breaking%20change%20%28without%20fallback%29[Breaking change (without fallback)]

=== From 3.1.x to 3.2.0

Version `3.2.0` is a minor version of OpenAPI-Generator, in comparison to `3.1.x` it contains some breaking changes, but with the possibility to fallback to the old behavior.
The default value of some options might change.
Projects relying on generated code might need to be adapted.

==== Validate spec on generation by default

The default is to validate the spec during generation. If the spec has errors,
we will output errors as well as warnings to the user.

The option can be disabled by passing `false` to `validateSpec` (for the Maven or Gradle plugin) or with `--skip-validate-spec` (CLI).

==== Model (all languages)

In `CodegenModel` and in `CodegenOperation` we use now our own class `org.openapitools.codegen.CodegenDiscriminator` instead of `io.swagger.v3.oas.models.media.Discriminator`.

For the templates, this is not an API change, because the same values are available.

If you have your own `Codegen` class (to support your own generator for example) then you might get some compile error due to the change.

==== Java

Schema with enum values are mapped to java enum in the generated code.
In previous version, when an unknown value was deserialized, the value was set to `null`.

With `3.2.0` a new option is introduced: `useNullForUnknownEnumValue`.

* When set to `false` (default value), an Exception (`IllegalArgumentException`) is thrown when the value not available in the enum.
* When set to `true`, unknown values are mapped to `null` as it was the case in previous versions.


=== From 3.0.x to 3.1.0

Version `3.1.0` is the first minor version of OpenAPI-Generator, in comparison to `3.0.3` it contains some breaking changes, but with the possibility to fallback to the old behavior.
The default value of some options might change.
Projects relying on generated code might need to be adapted.

==== Java

A new option is introduced with link:https://github.com/OpenAPITools/openapi-generator/pull/432[#432] to specify the prefix of boolean getters: `booleanGetterPrefix`.
Possible values:

* `is`: the value used in `3.0.x`.
* `get`: the new default value.

If you use the default value you will see your generated code changing from `isActive()` to `getActive()`.

=== Migrating from Swagger-Codegen

Please read the specific migration guide: link:migration-from-swagger-codegen.md[From Swagger-Codegen to OpenAPI-Generator]
